added documentation updates for Release v2024.3.0 (#187)
hoppscotch/docs: documentation/self-host/enterprise-edition/admin-dashboard.mdx

In the **Server Settings** section, you have the ability to both view and edit the environment variables that were configured during the setup of your self-hosted instance.

### Configurations
Configure access controls and authentication providers for your server.

- **Restrict Access** 
<Info>**Access Restriction** features available on Hoppscotch Enterprise Edition</Info>

1. **Site Protection:**

>    When site protection is activated, all visitors to your Hoppscotch instance will be prompted to create an account and log in to use Hoppscotch. Site protection is enabled by default on Hoppscotch Enterprise and can be disabled as per need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When site protection is activated, all visitors to your Hoppscotch instance will be prompted to create an account and log in to use Hoppscotch. Site protection is enabled by default on Hoppscotch Enterprise and can be disabled as needed.
```
